USAGE:

    [start]     ./my_defender
    [helper]    ./my_defender -h

DESCRIPTION:

    To start the game, run the command ./my_defender
    To modify the turrets statistics, an XML file is available in the config folder. If the statistics are not valid, default settings will be used.

    you will arrive on a menu, in the middle there will be a play button to start a game,
    on the top left there will be buttons to mute the sound and go to the settings menu,
    on the bottom left there will be a button to display the "How To Play",

    In the game you will have a map with a path where the monsters will move, the goal is to place towers to kill the monsters before they reach the end of the path.
    If a monster reaches the end of the path you lose a certain amount of health points depending on the value of the monster. If you kill a monster you get money.
    Watch your money, your life and the waves on the top left.

    To place a tower, click on a tower location that will be highlighted on hover, a purchase menu will appear with 4 tower proposals. Be careful,
    you can see your current money on the top left, if you don't have enough money you won't be able to buy towers.

    You can also sell towers by clicking
    on a tower you have purchased and selecting
    the sell icon on the menu that appears.

    On the top left, there are also spells available, a fire spell and an ice spell.
    The fire spell inflicts heavy damage while the ice spell slows down the enemies.

    The pause menu has 3 buttons and two sound bars,
    The left button allows you to return to the menu, the middle one to resume the game,
    the right one to quit the game.

    To learn how to play,
    feel free to launch the How To Play,
    To skip the text animation press enter
    and do the action requested by the text to move on
    of the how to play. Once the How To Play is finished you should be able to
    finish the game without too much difficulty.

    To have 3 stars you must have between 20 and 15 life points
    at the end of the game.
    between 10 and 15 for 2 stars, below 10 for 1 star.
    If you lose the game you will not get any stars :(
    Moreover, the final score is calculated with the formula
    life points x 100 + remaining gold.

    Thanks to shoroune for the graphics.
